the Gaza war is now in its 11th day and
Israeli air strikes have been relentless
on Monday night at least 71 Palestinians
were killed and hundreds wounded in
attacks in southern Gaza many people are
believed to be trapped under the rubble
waiting to be rescued the Israeli
military says it targeted Hamas military
positions humanitarian Aid still hasn't
been allowed into the besieged enclave
and no one is able to leave the borders
remain shut at least
288 Palestinians have been killed since
the conflict began on October the 7th
more than a third of them are children
healthc care workers and journalists are
among the dead too on the Israeli side
1,400 people have been killed in Hamas
attacks that includes at least 299
Soldiers the armed group is still
holding captives in Gaza Israel's
military puts the number at
199 Hamas says it's between 200 and 250
with both Israelis and foreign Nationals
as said bag begins our coverage and we
should warn you viewers may find some of
the images in his report to be
distressing beneath the rubble of
destroyed buildings there are
survivors somehow managing to be pulled
out after Israeli air
strikes they do so without at the loved
ones this child being held not by his
parents but by a medic now the only one
to give him some sort of
comfort it's the children who have
suffered the most from this Israeli War
on
Gaza Israel is targeting children dozens
of people have been killed in this air
strike including 30
children we were all asleep and woke up
to pray immediately afterwards our house
with 40 people inside old and young was
hit by an air strike suddenly the entire
neighborhood was in ruins the scenes I
witness are Indescribable with the
bodies around
me and they just keep coming in one
after another at this Hospital in Khan
unus in southern Gaza the Frantic Dash
to save their lives more than a thousand
children have been killed in this war
according to gaza's health
Ministry a father recognizes his child
Yousef aiz
dead
no parent imagin seeing their children
like
this or having to say goodbye like
this the young victims of this war
they're running out of body bags in Gaza
a grim practical reality blankets are
used for
now Israeli forces also hit rougher near
the border with Egypt people forced to
use their hands to dig through the
Davy Israel call for Gaza to move to the
South for safety we are in the South and
those killed in this building were all
displaced from the north we can still
hear survivors crying under the rubble
we have zero resources we are
helpless Israeli forces continue to
gather outside Gaza Palestinians don't
know if or when Grand forces will try to
enter the strip but the reality for
Palestinians here Remains the Same by
land air or sea there's no way out Assad
bag Al jazer
well yumna s is in carun in southern
Gaza for us and first of all take us up
to speed with the impact that these
strikes are now having when they're
falling on the south places like khun
where you are RAF these areas which were
hit overnight and this morning are
precisely in the South where Israel has
been telling Palestinians to go
to Sammy let me start with the latest
bombard Ms just 10 minutes ago literally
10 minutes ago a how a residential
building in bbak uh area the bbak family
uh next to the Red Cross in Kanan yunes
uh was completely pounded by Israeli
meiles more than 20 people were injured
severely injured at least five people
have been instantly pronounced killed in
that attack and the uh people there and
civil uh defense teams say that at least
10 others are still under the rubble now
from these injuries at least eight of
them were children and uh some of them
were
women now this is not the only thing uh
uh just this morning uh two family homes
one in khun that's Al Zar family home it
was also hosting people that had fled
from the uh northern part of the Gaza
Strip to the southern part as they were
directed by the Israeli military they
were completely bombarded over 70 people
were killed in that bombardment while
dozens were injured and other two homes
in Rafa the same case the same
bombardment while the Israeli missiles
continue to intensify in areas of the
central Gaza Strip where the uh homes in
ALB refugee camp have been targeted also
in this past
hour clearly desperate scenes any word
on what's happened with water supplies
any sign that water has been resumed in
Gaza until this moment water has not
been restored to any part of the Gaza
Strip unur has also confirmed to us that
uh the Israeli claims that water has
been opened in areas of the southern
part of the Gaza Strip are not true for
there is no water coming to the Gaza
Strip in any area uh people are still
finding uh uh uh difficulty in filling
up containers with the very limited
amount of water that is still uh found
in Wells in the strip people have to
drink salty water for there is no uh
enough drinking water in the strip now
Sammy all right we'll leave it there
thanks so
much